Update meta-viewport-b4f0c3.md (#1235)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/meta-viewport-b4f0c3.md

#### Passed Example 2

> This `meta` element with a `name="viewport"` and `content` attributes specifies `user-scalable=yes` and does not specify the `maximum-scale` value.

Reviewer: I think you've inverted cause and effect on these. Try expressing them like this instead:

```suggestion
This  viewport `meta` element does not prevent user scaling because it has `user-scalable` set to `yes`.
```

The same is true for the rest of the example descriptions. Please see what you can do to improve them.
